---
title: Terms and Conditions
description: "Terms and Conditions | Documentation - Web3Auth"
sidebar_label: Terms and Conditions
---

Latest update: 28 April 2025

**IMPORTANT NOTICE: THIS AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION AND A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION
RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN SECTION 13. PLEASE READ THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.**

## 1. Acceptance of Terms

Torus Labs provides a platform for managing cryptographic token \(cryptocurrency\) accounts, and
allowing decentralised application \(DApp\) websites to interact with blockchains, while keeping the
user in control over what transactions they approve, through our website located at
[https://tor.us](https://tor.us/) and web application \(the “Site”\) – which includes text, images,
audio, code and other materials \(collectively, the “Content”\) and all of the features, and
services provided. The Site, and any other features, tools, materials, or other services offered
from time to time by Torus Labs are referred to here as the “Service”. Please read these Terms and
Conditions \(the “Terms” or “Terms of Use”\) carefully before using the Service. By using or
otherwise accessing the Services, or clicking to accept or agree to these Terms where that option is
made available, you \(1\) accept and agree to these Terms \(2\) consent to the collection, use,
disclosure and other handling of information as described in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
and \(3\) any additional terms, rules and conditions of participation issued by Torus Labs from time
to time. If you do not agree to the Terms, then you many not access or use the Content of Services.

## 2. Modification of Terms of Use

‌Except for Section 14, providing for binding arbitration and waiver of class action rights, Torus
Labs reserves the right, as its sole discretion, to modify or replace the Terms and Conditions at
any time. The most current version of these Terms will be posted on our Site. You shall be
responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. User of the Services by
you after any modification to the Terms constitutes your acceptance of the Terms of Conditions as
modified.

## 3. Eligibility

You hereby represent and warrant that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms,
conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties set forth in these Terms and
to abide by and comply with these Terms.

Torus Labs is a global platform and by accessing the Content or Services, you are representing and
warranting that, you are of the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction as is required to access
such Services and Content and enter into arrangements as provided by the Service, You further
represent that you are otherwise legally permitted to use the service in your jurisdiction including
owning cryptographic tokens of value, and interacting with the Services or Content in any way. You
further represent you are responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction and
acknowledge that Torus Labs is not liable for your compliance with such laws.‌

## 4. Account Password and Security

‌When setting up an account with Torus Labs, you will be responsible for keeping your own account
secrets, which may be your Social Login or OAuth password credentials, an account file, or other
locally stored secret information. You agree to keep your secret information and password
confidential and do not share them with anyone else; immediately notify Torus Labs of any
unauthorized use of your account or breach of security. Torus Labs cannot and will not be liable for
any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.

## ‌5. Representations, Warranties, and Risks

### ‌5.1. Warranty Disclaimer

‌You expressly understand and agree that your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service
\(including the Service and the Content\) are provided on an “AS IS” and “as available” basis,
without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied
warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. You acknowledge
that Torus Labs has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain
access to or use the Service what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use
the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You
release Torus Labs from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the
Service. Torus Labs makes no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through
the Service, and Torus Labs will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright
compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Service.

### 5.2 Sophistication and Risk of Cryptographic Systems

‌By utilizing the Service or interacting with the Content or platform in any way, you represent that
you understand the inherent risks associated with cryptographic systems and warrant that you have an
understanding of the usage and intricacies of native cryptographic tokens, like Ether \(ETH\) and
Bitcoin \(BTC\), smart contract based tokens such as those that follow the Ethereum Token Standard
\([https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20)\), and
blockchain-based software systems.

### ‌5.3 Risk of Regulatory Actions in One or More Jurisdictions

‌Torus Labs could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or regulatory action, which could
impede or limit the ability of Torus Labs to continue or develop, or which could impede or limit
your ability to access or use the Service.

### 5.4 Risk of Weaknesses or Exploits in the Field of Cryptography

‌You acknowledge and understand that Cryptography is a progressing field. Advances in code cracking
or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers may present risks to
cryptocurrencies and Services of Content, which could result in the theft or loss of your
cryptographic tokens or property. To the extent possible, Torus Labs intends to update the protocol
underlying Services to account for any advances in cryptography and to incorporate additional
security measures, but does not guarantee or otherwise represent full security of the system. By
using the Service or accessing Content, you acknowledge these inherent risks.

### ‌5.5 Volatility of Crypto Currencies

‌You understand that Ethereum and other blockchain technologies and associated currencies or tokens
are highly volatile due to many factors including but not limited to adoption, speculation,
technology and security risks. You also acknowledge that the cost of transacting on such
technologies is variable and may increase at any time causing impact to any activities taking place
on the Ethereum blockchain. You acknowledge these risks and represent that Torus Labs cannot be held
liable for such fluctuations or increased costs.

### ‌5.6 Application Security

‌You acknowledge that decentralised applications are code subject to flaws and acknowledge that you
are solely responsible for evaluating any code provided by the Services or Content and the
trustworthiness of any third-party websites, products, smart-contracts, or Content you access or use
through the Service. You further expressly acknowledge and represent that Ethereum applications can
be written maliciously or negligently, that Torus Labs cannot be held liable for your interaction
with such applications and that such applications may cause the loss of property or even identity.
This warning and others later provided by Torus Labs in no way evidence or represent an on-going
duty to alert you to all of the potential risks of utilizing the Service or Content.

## 6. Indemnity

‌You agree to release and to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Torus Labs and its parents,
subsidiaries, affiliates and agencies, as well as the officers, directors, employees, shareholders
and representatives of any of the foregoing entities, from and against any and all losses,
liabilities, expenses, damages, costs \(including attorney’s fees and court costs\) claims or
actions of any kind whatsoever arising or resulting from your use of the Service, your violation of
these Terms and Conditions, and any of your acts or omissions that implicate publicity rights,
defamation or invasion of privacy. Torus Labs reserves the right, as its own expense, to assume
exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and, in such
case, you agree to cooperate with Torus Labs in the defence of such matter.

## 7. Limitation on Liability

‌YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY INFORMATION YOU SEND OR RECEIVE DURING YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND
SERVICE MAY NOT BE SECURE AND MAY BE INTERCEPTED OR LATER ACQUIRED BY UNAUTHORIZED PARTIES. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. RECOGNIZING SUCH,
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER TORUS LABS
NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE LOSSES OR ANY OTHER
DAMAGES BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER THEORY \(EVEN IF TORUS LABS HAD BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES\), RESULTING FROM THE SITE OR SERVICE; THE USE OR THE
INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICE; UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR
DATA; STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SITE OR SERVICE; ANY ACTIONS WE TAKE OR FAIL
TO TAKE AS A RESULT OF COMMUNICATIONS YOU SEND TO US; HUMAN ERRORS; TECHNICAL MALFUNCTIONS;
FAILURES, INCLUDING PUBLIC UTILITY OR TELEPHONE OUTAGES; OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, LATENCY,
DELETIONS OR DEFECTS OF ANY DEVICE OR NETWORK, PROVIDERS, OR SOFTWARE \(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THOSE THAT DO NOT PERMIT PARTICIPATION IN THE SERVICE\); ANY INJURY OR DAMAGE TO COMPUTER
EQUIPMENT; INABILITY TO FULLY ACCESS THE SITE OR SERVICE OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE; THEFT, TAMPERING,
DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, IMAGES OR OTHER CONTENT OF ANY KIND; DATA THAT IS PROCESSED
LATE OR INCORRECTLY OR IS INCOMPLETE OR LOST; TYPOGRAPHICAL, PRINTING OR OTHER ERRORS, OR ANY
COMBINATION THEREOF; OR ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SITE OR SERVICE.

‌SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION
OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY
NOT APPLY TO YOU.

## ‌8. Our Proprietary Rights

‌All title, ownership and intellectual property rights in and to the Service are owned by Torus Labs
or its licensors. You acknowledge and agree that the Service contains proprietary and confidential
information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Except as
expressly authorized by Torus Labs, you agree not to copy, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell,
distribute, perform, display or create derivative works based on the Service, in whole or in part.

## ‌9. Links

The Service provides, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web or accessible
sites, applications or resources. Because Torus Labs has no control over such sites, applications
and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Torus Labs is not responsible for the availability of
such external sites, applications or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or
liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or
resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Torus Labs shall not be responsible or liable,
directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection
with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site
or resource.

## 10. Fees and Payment.

### 10.1 Publicly Available Offerings.

Some Offerings may be offered to the public and licensed on a royalty free basis, including
Offerings that require a Paid Plan for software licensing fees above a certain threshold of use.
These terms apply to all Offerings regardless of whether they require a Paid Plan.

### 10.2 Offering Fees.

If your use of an Offering does not require an Order or Paid Plan but software licensing fees are
charged contemporaneously with your use of the Offering, those fees will be charged as described on
the Site or in the user interface of the Offering. Such fees may be calculated by combining a fee
charged by us and a fee charged by a Third Party Offering that provides certain functionality
related to the Offering. For those Offerings which entail an Order or Paid Plan, we calculate and
bill fees and charges according to your Order or Paid Plan. For such Offerings, on the first day of
each billing period, you will pay us the applicable fees (the “Base Fees”) and any applicable taxes
based on the Offerings in the Paid Plan. In addition, for particular Orders, we may issue an invoice
to you for all charges above the applicable threshold for your Paid Plan which constitute overage
fees for the previous billing period. If you make any other changes to the Offerings during a
billing period (for example, upgrading or downgrading your Paid Plan), we will apply any additional
charges or credits to the next billing period. We may bill you more frequently for fees accrued at
our discretion upon notice to you. You will pay all fees in U.S. dollars unless the particular
Offering specifies a different form of payment or otherwise agreed to by you and us in writing. All
amounts payable by you under this Agreement will be paid to us without setoff or counterclaim, and
without any deduction or withholding. Fees and charges for any new Offering or new feature of an
Offering will be effective when we use commercially reasonable efforts to communicate updated fees
and charges through our Site, the interface of the Offering itself, or other public channels or, if
you are on a Paid Plan, upon commercially reasonable efforts to notify you directly, but we may
expressly state when notifying you that another effective date applies. We may increase or add new
fees and charges for any existing Offerings you are using by using commercially reasonable efforts
to notify users of the Offerings through our Site, the interface of the Offering itself, other
public channels or, if you are on a Paid Plan, by giving you 30 days’ notice. Unless otherwise
specified in an Order, all Paid Plan amounts due under this Agreement are payable within 30 days
following receipt of your invoice. We may elect to charge you interest at the rate of 1.5% per month
(or the highest rate permitted by law, if less) on all late payments.

### 10.3 Taxes.

Each party will be responsible, as required under applicable law, for identifying and paying all
taxes and other governmental fees and charges (and any penalties, interest, and other additions
thereto) that are imposed on that party upon or with respect to the transactions and payments under
this Agreement. All fees payable by you are exclusive taxes unless otherwise noted. We reserve the
right to withhold taxes where required.

## 11. Temporary Suspension; Limiting API Requests.

11.1 Generally. We may suspend your right to access or use any portion or all of the Offerings
immediately if we determine:

(a) your use of the Offerings (i) poses a security risk to the Offerings or any third party, (ii)
could adversely impact our systems, the Offerings, or the systems of any other user, (iii) could
subject us, our affiliates, or any third party to liability, or (iv) could be unlawful;

(b) you are, or any End User is, in breach of this Agreement;

(c) you are in breach of your payment obligations under Section 10 for 30 days or longer; or

(d) for entities, you have ceased to operate in the ordinary course, made an assignment for the
benefit of creditors or similar disposition of your assets, or become the subject of any bankruptcy,
reorganization, liquidation, dissolution or similar proceeding.

### 11.2 Effect of Suspension.

If we suspend your right to access or use any portion or all of an Offering:

(a) you remain responsible for all fees and charges you incur during the period of suspension; and

(b) you will not be entitled to any fee credits for any period of suspension.

### 11.3 Limiting API Requests.

We retain sole discretion to limit your API requests (“API Requests”) submitted in conjunction with
your use of an Offering at any time if your usage of the Offering exceeds the usage threshold
specified in your Paid Plan or otherwise on the Site or user interface of the Offering. Further,
excessive API requests, as determined by Consensys in our sole discretion, may result in the
temporary or permanent suspension of your access to an account or to your use of the applicable
Offering. Consensys is not required but will endeavor, when reasonable, to warn an account owner or
user prior to suspension.

## 12. Term; Termination.

### 12.1 Term.

For Offerings subject to a Paid Plan, the term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date
and will remain in effect until terminated under this Section 12 or by separate written agreement.
Any notice of termination of this Agreement by either party to the other must include a Termination
Date that complies with the notice periods in Section 12.2. For Offerings that are not subject to a
Paid Plan, the term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will remain in effect
until you stop accessing or using the Offerings.

### 12.2 Termination.

(a) Termination for Convenience. If you are not on a Paid Plan, you may terminate this Agreement for
any reason by ceasing use of the Offering. For Paid Plans, Torus Labs may terminate this Agreement
for any reason after providing 30 calendar days’ written notice.

(b) Termination for Cause.

(i) By Either Party. Either party may terminate this Agreement for cause if the other party is in
material breach of this Agreement and the material breach remains uncured for a period of 30 days
from receipt of the other party’s notice of breach.

(ii) By Us. We may also terminate this Agreement for cause immediately (A) if we have the right to
suspend under Section 11, (B) if our relationship with a third-party partner who provides software
or other technology we use to provide the Offerings expires, terminates, or requires us to change
the way we provide the software or other technology as part of the Offerings, or (C) in order to
avoid undue risk of violating the law.

### 12.3 Effect of Termination. Upon the Termination Date:

(i) all your rights under this Agreement immediately terminate; and

(ii) each party remains responsible for all fees and charges it has incurred through the Termination
Date and are responsible for any fees and charges it incurs during the post-termination period;

(iii) [the terms](https://www.lawinsider.com/clause/survival-of-terms-and-conditions) and conditions
of this Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement to the full extent
necessary for their enforcement and for the protection of the party in whose favor they operate. For
instance, should this Agreement between you and us terminate, any dispute raised after you stop
accessing or using the Offerings will be subject to the applicable provisions of this Agreement if
that dispute relates to your prior access or use.

For any use of the Offerings after the Termination Date, the terms of this Agreement will again
apply and, if your use is under a Paid Plan, you will pay the applicable fees at the rates under
Section 10.

## ‌13. No Third Party Beneficiaries

‌You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, there shall be no third
party beneficiaries to the Terms.

## ‌14. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement

If you believe that your copyright or the copyright of a person on whose behalf you are authorized
to act has been infringed, please provide Torus Labs a written Notice containing the following
information:

- an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the
  copyright or other intellectual property interest;
- a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been
  infringed;
- a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service;
- your address, telephone number, and email address;‌
- a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by
  the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
- a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is
  accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the
  copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.

‌Torus Labs can be reached via email at: hello@tor.us

## ‌15. Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver

‌PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR
RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT

### ‌15.1 Initial Dispute Resolution

‌The parties shall use their best efforts to engage directly to settle any dispute, claim, question,
or disagreement and engage in good faith negotiations which shall be a condition to either party
initiating a lawsuit or arbitration.

### ‌15.2 Binding Arbitration

‌If the parties do not reach an agreed upon solution within a period of 30 days from the time
informal dispute resolution under the Initial Dispute Resolution provision begins, then either party
may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to resolve claims, subject to the terms set forth
below. Specifically, all claims arising out of or relating to these Terms \(including their
formation, performance and breach\), the parties’ relationship with each other and/or your use of
the Service shall be finally settled by binding arbitration administered by the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre in accordance with the provisions of its Arbitration Rules and the
supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes of the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre \(the “SIAC”\), excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions.

‌The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority
to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability,
enforceability or formation of these Terms, including, but not limited to any claim that all or any
part of these Terms are void or voidable, or whether a claim is subject to arbitration. The
arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in
equity. The arbitrator’s award shall be written, and binding on the parties and may be entered as a
judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.

The parties understand that, absent this mandatory provision, they would have the right to sue in
court and have a jury trial. They further understand that, in some instances, the costs of
arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in
arbitration than in court.‌

### 15.3 Location

Binding arbitration shall take place in Singapore. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction
of any court in Singapore, in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings pending arbitration,
or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.

### 15.4 Class Action Waiver

The parties further agree that any arbitration shall be conducted in their individual capacities
only and not as a class action or other representative action, and the parties expressly waive their
right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis. YOU AND TORUS LABS AGREE THAT EACH MAY
BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR
CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. If any court or arbitrator
determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any
reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provision set forth
above shall be deemed null and void in its entirety and the parties shall be deemed to have not
agreed to arbitrate disputes.

### 15.5 Exception - Litigation of Intellectual Property and Small Claims Court Claims

‌Notwithstanding the parties’ decision to resolve all disputes through arbitration, either party may
bring an action in state or federal court to protect its intellectual property rights
\(“intellectual property rights” means patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade
secrets, but not privacy or publicity rights\). Either party may also seek relief in a small claims
court for disputes or claims within the scope of that court’s jurisdiction.

### ‌15.6 30-Day Right to Opt Out

You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration and class action waiver provisions
set forth above by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to the following address:
Torus Labs, 60 Paya Lebar Road \#04-46 Paya Lebar Square Singapore 409051 and via email at
hello@tor.us. The notice must be sent within 30 days of July 18, 2019 or your first use of the
Service, whichever is later, otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with
the terms of those paragraphs. If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, Torus Labs also will
not be bound by them.

### ‌15.7 Changes to this Section

‌Torus Labs will provide 30-days’ notice of any changes to this section. Changes will become
effective on the 30th day, and will apply prospectively only to any claims arising after the 30th
day.

For any dispute not subject to arbitration you and Torus Labs agree to submit to the personal and
exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the courts located in Singapore. You further agree to accept
service of process by mail, and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defences otherwise
available.

The Terms and the relationship between you and Torus Labs shall be governed by the laws of Singapore
without regard to conflict of law provisions.

## ‌16. General Information

### ‌16.1 Entire Agreement

‌These Terms \(and any additional terms, rules and conditions of participation that Torus Labs may
post on the Service\) constitute the entire agreement between you and Torus Labs with respect to the
Service and supersedes any prior agreements, oral or written, between you and Torus Labs. In the
event of a conflict between these Terms and the additional terms, rules and conditions of
participation, the latter will prevail over the Terms to the extent of the conflict.

### ‌16.2 Waiver and Severability of Terms

‌The failure of Torus Labs to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by an
arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the
arbitrator or court should endeavour to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the
provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.

### ‌16.3 Statute of Limitations

‌You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action
arising out of or related to the use of the Service or the Terms must be filed within one \(1\) year
after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

### ‌16.4 Section Titles

‌The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.

### ‌16.5 Communications

‌Users with questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Service may contact us using the
relevant contact information set forth above.
